October 12th…to most people it's likely just another day in October. Many people probably don't think much about it. Things like, what has happened on this day? Some may know it as an occasional holiday (Columbus day). Does it have significant meaning to some people more than others? Who's loved ones were lost on this day? And more importantly, who gained new ones? Well, that's exactly what happened in my family 25 years ago.

## October 12th, 1987:
I was brought in to this world by my amazing parents, Debbie and Jody Adametz. Born in upstate New York to a typical Italian family full of aunts, uncles, cousins, and both sets of grandparents. Every family member is different now. Older and more experienced in many ways throughout life. Some living their dreams in big places, others raising families of their own in familiar ones, and still others who have stood by watching their children do incredible things. But 25 years later, I find it important to express the love I have for all of them and thank them for all being such large contributing factors in who I am today.

## This one is different.
Leading up to most birthdays throughout the last couple of years has been, mediocre. Most have come and gone without much additional thought put in to them. However this one has been different. Starting out unintentionally and without notice, I found myself reflecting on things that have brought me to this point. I noticed this probably 12 days ago. This birthday wasn't the same. This one meant more. At the time I didn't know how or why, and I'm still not sure I do. But it feels different. _I_ feel different. I literally feel older this time around. I know I'm wiser going in to this next year. I'm more experienced. More focused. More passionate. I'm comfortable in my own skin more than I think I ever have been before.

During the last 12 days as the reflecting has come and gone numerous times, I've very consciously taken in my surroundings. This time last year I wasn't who I am today. And to be clear, I couldn't be happier about that. __Everything__ in my life currently is better than it was just 365 days ago. Work is great! School, is school so that's not exciting -- but I know that what it'll bring me in the future, is. And my friends; my true friends are my structure to help me through it all.

I took the day off of work today to decompress. Not necessarily because work has been busy and I needed the day off (although it has been). But I felt like I wanted the day to finalize the reflecting, and do some things, _simple_ things that make me genuinely happy. So I ate an Italian sub from Publix and watched the Avengers! ;)

## A toast…
Tonight, I'll be sharing drinks with some of the most important people in my life. Most people that read this entry will think I'm overly sentimental. I'm looking at this as being humbled.

This has all been 25 years in the making. And as such, most of it has not been easy. However a large majority of it has been so incredibly fun. We've all had our failures. But we've had way more successes to occupy our minds. Everyone that has been a part of our journey to get here, has served their purpose. They've made us laugh and cry. They've lifted us up and brought us down. On certain drunken nights, they've probably even made us dance and sing. But most importantly we've learned from them. In some capacity or another we've learned from each other. And going forward in to the next 25 years I hope I never stop learning. Because knowledge from, opinion's of, and most importantly; conversations with all of you, is what I've learned makes me happiest.

_Cheers_
