---
title: iPhone 5
tags:
- iphone
- unboxing
---


So it's Friday, September 21 2012 -- happy iPhone 5 day to those who go it, and to those who didn't, I'm sorry. At the very least if you didn't get one today I hope that means you preordered one and it's on the way, because this phone was well worth the upgrade. If you're like me (which _most_ people probably aren't) you've been reading reviews, listening to people's opinions, and watching videos of this thing for the last week or so. Well, almost everything you've heard about it on both sides of the fence are pretty true.

## Unboxing
As with most of Apple's products the unboxing process is literally an experience in and of itself. From the moment the UPS guy handed me the box I knew this thing was light and the box was going to be barely bigger than the phone. In fact, once I opened the shipping box, it had a 'buffer' and the actual iPhone box was about 2" smaller than the box it came in.

So, I made some changes this time around. With all my previous versions I've gone 16GB (or the lowest memory tier they offer at the time) and black. This time I went for the white, and finally made the jump up to 32GB for a few different reasons:

- My iPad is white and as lame as it is, I thought it would be cool if they matched.
- The aluminum backing on the white looks so much more 'Apple like' and clean. Although, the black + slate (as they're calling it) is really sexy too, I worried about the anodization of the metal wearing off, which apparently is actually [being reported](http://www.macrumors.com/2012/09/21/black-iphone-5-anodized-aluminum-susceptible-to-scratching/) as a problem now…
- Considering the improvements in the camera quality since the iPhone 4 (my previous phone) I took into consideration that the pictures would be much higher quality and take up more room. I'd like to start taking more pictures.
- As much as I'm now against managing a music library since the introduction of [Spotify](http://www.spotify.com), I didn't want to find my self in the position where when I did start to load more music again one day, I might not have the space.
- The most important reason I opted for the more memory though was probably iCloud backups. On my 16GB model I probably had about 5GB left of space. But considering my last two points, I wanted to always make sure that I'd have enough room for iCloud to do it's thing and have the proper buffer needed to successfully back up.

So after getting through the plastic wrapping and sliding the box out of itself I was met by the beautiful new iPhone 5. Obviously immediately noticing the difference in screen size and running across the room to grab my iPhone 4 to make a comparison. Ignoring the phone for a second I unpackaged the rest of the box which consisted of the iPhone documentation, the new EarPod headphones, wall charging adapter, and the new Lightning-to-USB cable.

## Setting up and first impressions
In the past when I've gotten new iPhones I've always started from scratch, not restoring a previous back up. But this time I wanted to give it a try, so I on the spot backed up my iPhone 4 to iCloud and then immediately restored it to the iPhone 5 during the initial set up. The restore took about 15 mins before I could use the phone again and then about another 30-45 mins to re-download all of my apps. A few passwords later (once [1Password](https://agilebits.com/onepassword) was downloaded) and I was ready to go, fully operational again.

### The Display
I'll keep this short and sweet: It's better. It's bigger in the right direction*. It's way crisper now that Apple has removed the layer between the pixels and the glass. And, it's still usable with one hand. Apps that are already updated to take advantage of the new screen real-estate look great. A few have even done some nice updates to make real use of the additional space (see the Weather app that comes with iOS).

*I refuse to pay much attention to any Android user who boasts about there screen-thats-so-big-they-could-use-it-as-a-second-computer-monitor. Apple, and more importantly Steve Jobs, had the right philosophy with the iPhone. It should be comfortable to use with one hand.

### The Weight
Peers: 
> "Hey, how do you like the new phone so far?"

Me:
> "Holy crap, this phone is __crazy__ light weight!"

No seriously, it is! I went to Publix today to grab a sub for lunch and any time that the phone was in my pocket, I was double and triple checking to make sure it was actually there because I couldn't feel it compared to my iPhone 4. The biggest comparison is holding the two side-by-side in your hands. This is pretty much chalked up to the removal of the glass backing and the reintroduction of the aluminum. A welcome change back to the iPhone's original roots. Even after using the phone so far for the majority of the day pretty consistently, I find my self with that _whoa I just picked this up too fast_ feeling. I love it.

###The Lightning Connector
I'm going to keep this part short and sweet too. But mainly because I don't want to burst into a fireball of rage and spout off about how most consumers complain to complain*.

I like it. It's way smaller than I assumed it to be based on all the pictures and video I've been seeing, but I like it. I heard [John Gruber](http://daringfireball.net/colophon/) say in his podcast last week that the original 30-pin connector was so 'un-Apple like', he was surprised they hadn't made this change years ago. I simply couldn't agree more. It's elegant, sleek, sophisticated, and _it just works_ like an Apple product should. And no, I didn't buy additional adapters because even with previous phones I only ever had the need to charge my phone once a day. Seeing as how this battery is supposed to hold up even better, I expect the results to be the same.

*Slight sympathy note: I guess if I had multiple accessories that posed an issue with the new adapter I'd be kind of annoyed. But lets face it, it's 2012 and technology is moving fast. You'll just have to part ways with your accessory like you did with your WalkMan/DiscMan all those many many moons ago.

##Final Thoughts
Overall I feel completely justified in my upgrade. I didn't upgrade last time from the 4 to the 4S which honestly was a big shock to even myself. I think I can say with confidence that had I made that upgrade I __wouldn't__ have felt justified. Going forward I'll probably stick to the every other year life cycle.

Quote: There’s a reason why, just as with all five of its predecessors, it just says “iPhone” on the back. The iPhone 5 is all new technically, but it’s the exact same thing as an idea. Apple is simply improving upon that idea year after year in infinitely finer detail, like a fractal. It’s nice. -John Gruber
